it came to pass on the eighth day that
it came to pass on the eighth day that Moses called Aaron and his sons and the
Moses called Aaron and his sons and the
Moses called Aaron and his sons and the elders of Israel and he said to Aaron
elders of Israel and he said to Aaron
elders of Israel and he said to Aaron take for yourself a young bull as a sin
take for yourself a young bull as a sin
take for yourself a young bull as a sin offering and a ram as a burnt offering
offering and a ram as a burnt offering
offering and a ram as a burnt offering without blemish and offer them before
without blemish and offer them before
without blemish and offer them before the Lord and to the children of Israel
the Lord and to the children of Israel
the Lord and to the children of Israel you shall speak saying take a kid of the
you shall speak saying take a kid of the
you shall speak saying take a kid of the goats as a sin offering and a calf and a
goats as a sin offering and a calf and a
goats as a sin offering and a calf and a lamb both of the first year without
lamb both of the first year without
lamb both of the first year without blemish as a burnt offering also a bull
blemish as a burnt offering also a bull
blemish as a burnt offering also a bull and a ram as peace offerings to
and a ram as peace offerings to
and a ram as peace offerings to sacrifice before the Lord and a grain
sacrifice before the Lord and a grain
sacrifice before the Lord and a grain offering mixed with oil for today the
offering mixed with oil for today the
offering mixed with oil for today the Lord will appear to you so they brought
Lord will appear to you so they brought
Lord will appear to you so they brought what Moses commanded before the
what Moses commanded before the
what Moses commanded before the tabernacle of meeting and all the
tabernacle of meeting and all the
tabernacle of meeting and all the congregation drew near and stood before
congregation drew near and stood before
congregation drew near and stood before the law and Moses said this is the thing
the law and Moses said this is the thing
the law and Moses said this is the thing which the LORD commanded you to do and
which the LORD commanded you to do and
which the LORD commanded you to do and the glory of the Lord will appear to you
the glory of the Lord will appear to you
the glory of the Lord will appear to you roses set to Adam go to the altar offer
roses set to Adam go to the altar offer
roses set to Adam go to the altar offer your sin offering and your burnt
your sin offering and your burnt
your sin offering and your burnt offering and make a toe movement for
offering and make a toe movement for
offering and make a toe movement for yourself and for the people offer the
yourself and for the people offer the
yourself and for the people offer the offering of the people then make
offering of the people then make
offering of the people then make atonement for them as the LORD commanded
atonement for them as the LORD commanded
atonement for them as the LORD commanded Aaron therefore went to the altar and
Aaron therefore went to the altar and
Aaron therefore went to the altar and killed the calf of the sin offering
killed the calf of the sin offering
killed the calf of the sin offering which was for himself and the sons of
which was for himself and the sons of
which was for himself and the sons of Aaron brought the blood to him and he
Aaron brought the blood to him and he
Aaron brought the blood to him and he dipped his finger in the blood put it on
dipped his finger in the blood put it on
dipped his finger in the blood put it on the horns of the altar and poured the
the horns of the altar and poured the
the horns of the altar and poured the blood at the base of the altar but the
blood at the base of the altar but the
blood at the base of the altar but the fat the kidneys and the fatty lobe from
fat the kidneys and the fatty lobe from
fat the kidneys and the fatty lobe from the liver of the sin offering he burned
the liver of the sin offering he burned
the liver of the sin offering he burned on the altar as the Lord had commanded
on the altar as the Lord had commanded
on the altar as the Lord had commanded Moses the flesh and the hide he burned
Moses the flesh and the hide he burned
Moses the flesh and the hide he burned with fire outside the camp and he killed
with fire outside the camp and he killed
with fire outside the camp and he killed the burnt offering and Aaron's sons
the burnt offering and Aaron's sons
the burnt offering and Aaron's sons presented to him the blood which he
presented to him the blood which he
presented to him the blood which he sprinkled all around on the altar then
sprinkled all around on the altar then
sprinkled all around on the altar then they presented the burnt offering to him
they presented the burnt offering to him
they presented the burnt offering to him with its pieces and head and he burned
with its pieces and head and he burned
with its pieces and head and he burned them
them
them he washed the entrails and the legs and
he washed the entrails and the legs and
he washed the entrails and the legs and bendin with the burnt offering on the
bendin with the burnt offering on the
bendin with the burnt offering on the altar then he brought the people's
altar then he brought the people's
altar then he brought the people's offering and took the goat which was the
offering and took the goat which was the
offering and took the goat which was the sin offering for the people and killed
sin offering for the people and killed
sin offering for the people and killed it and offered it for sin like the first
it and offered it for sin like the first
it and offered it for sin like the first one and he brought the burnt offering
one and he brought the burnt offering
one and he brought the burnt offering and offered it according to the
and offered it according to the
and offered it according to the prescribed manner and he brought the
prescribed manner and he brought the
prescribed manner and he brought the grain offering took a handful of it and
grain offering took a handful of it and
grain offering took a handful of it and burned it on the altar besides the burnt
burned it on the altar besides the burnt
burned it on the altar besides the burnt sacrifice of the morning he also killed
sacrifice of the morning he also killed
sacrifice of the morning he also killed the bull and the RAM as sacrifices of
the bull and the RAM as sacrifices of
the bull and the RAM as sacrifices of peace offerings which were for the
peace offerings which were for the
peace offerings which were for the people and Aaron's sons presented to him
people and Aaron's sons presented to him
people and Aaron's sons presented to him the blood which he sprinkled all around
the blood which he sprinkled all around
the blood which he sprinkled all around on the altar and the fat from the bull
on the altar and the fat from the bull
on the altar and the fat from the bull in the ranim a fatty tail what covers
in the ranim a fatty tail what covers
in the ranim a fatty tail what covers the entrails and the kidneys and the
the entrails and the kidneys and the
the entrails and the kidneys and the fatty lobe attached to the liver and
fatty lobe attached to the liver and
fatty lobe attached to the liver and they put the fat on the breasts then he
they put the fat on the breasts then he
they put the fat on the breasts then he burned the fat on the altar but the
burned the fat on the altar but the
burned the fat on the altar but the brazos and the right thigh aaron waved
brazos and the right thigh aaron waved
brazos and the right thigh aaron waved as a wave offering before the Lord as
as a wave offering before the Lord as
as a wave offering before the Lord as Moses had commanded then Aaron lifted
Moses had commanded then Aaron lifted
Moses had commanded then Aaron lifted his hand toward the people less than and
his hand toward the people less than and
his hand toward the people less than and came down from offering the sin offering
came down from offering the sin offering
came down from offering the sin offering the burnt offering and peace offering us
the burnt offering and peace offering us
the burnt offering and peace offering us and Moses and Aaron went into the
and Moses and Aaron went into the
and Moses and Aaron went into the tabernacle of meeting and came out and
tabernacle of meeting and came out and
tabernacle of meeting and came out and blessed the people and the glory of the
blessed the people and the glory of the
blessed the people and the glory of the Lord appeared to all the people
Lord appeared to all the people
Lord appeared to all the people and fire came out from before the Lord
and fire came out from before the Lord
and fire came out from before the Lord and consumed the brand offer and the fat
and consumed the brand offer and the fat
and consumed the brand offer and the fat on the organ all the people saw it they
on the organ all the people saw it they
on the organ all the people saw it they shouted and fell on their faces
shouted and fell on their faces
shouted and fell on their faces [Music]